♻️  Clarify possible combinations of PostgreSQL service types and plans (#16)
setopsco/docs: content/latest/user/configuration/services.md

| Type | Plan(s) | Options | Link |
|------|---------|---------|-------|

> | [`postgresql11`]({{< relref "#postgresql" >}}) | `shared` or [RDS PostgreSQL node type](https://aws.amazon.com/de/rds/postgresql/pricing/) | [`extensions`]({{< relref "#postgresql-extensions" >}}) | Environment Variable |

Reviewer: This should actually not be possible right now, unfortunately. We have a ticket in our backlog to support both plan types for both versions.

With the `shared` plan (only supported for type `postgresql11`), this database is provisioned in a database cluster shared between Apps. All databases are created with a unique database user to ensure data separation. Using the `shared` plan is a cost-efficient way to add a database to an App.

> If you require a dedicated database instance for complience, performance or reliability, the plan value can be set to any valid [RDS PostgreSQL node type](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticsearch-service/pricing/). `db.t3.micro` is a sensible default for small workloads. To enable the _Multi-AZ_ feature, which keeps a hot standby instance in a second availability zones for higher reliability, add `.ha` at the end of the node type: e.g. `db.t3.micro.ha` for the _Multi-AZ_ version of `db.t3.micro`. Using plans with `.ha` doubles the cost of the database instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require a dedicated database instance for compliance, performance or reliability, the type must currently be set to `postgresql13` and the plan value can be set to any valid [RDS PostgreSQL node type](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticsearch-service/pricing/). `db.t3.micro` is a sensible default for small workloads. To enable the _Multi-AZ_ feature, which keeps a hot standby instance in a second availability zones for higher reliability, add `.ha` at the end of the node type: e.g. `db.t3.micro.ha` for the _Multi-AZ_ version of `db.t3.micro`. Using plans with `.ha` doubles the cost of the database instance.
```
